what's up guys Nevinger Minsky producer
on UFC undisputed 2010 coming to you
from the famed black house gym here in
los angeles california and i'm joined by
mr. ed soares co-owner of black house
thank you so much for being here oh it's
my pleasure so today we're going to talk
about the concept of online fight pants
that's in the UFC undisputed 2010 games
it's a really cool feature that allows
you to essentially create a camp with
your friends online essentially a clan
and go out and wreak havoc on you know
the the Internet community in the
undisputed game so add it's no secret
that your roster of guys has just been
like tearing through the UFC and one of
the cool features that we have in the
game with the bike camps this is sort of
camp exhibition matches where you can go
through and fight exhibition matches and
specifically pick out people from other
camps you know I'm sure when people hear
that they're fighting a black house
fighter you know it adds a little
special or something
how do you set up you know training
sessions are they training against your
your other top guys how does that
actually want you know black house is a
little bit of a different type of
situation kind of like a what is it the
League of Justice and see the
superheroes all come here to get their
orders for their next mission they train
here and then they go out and complete
the mission well and actually that's one
of the big features in the upcoming UFC
2010 game is this concept of online
training where within your camp say that
there's someone really good at some
specific discipline or item you can go
train online with that guy in your camp
and then actually you know get better so
you know for example you know when the
game comes out you come to my camp you
like oh I'm having trouble doing
takedowns then we can go into an online
sparring session and I can show you hey
do this look for this timing so it's one
of those things that we really try and
emulate how you guys are actually doing
training in the real world
when you want to go out and start your
own camp and name it you go out with a
cat better and when you're fighting
online you can choose to have that cat
ban or out there there's specific things
that you have trouble in then guys that
are better at it can help you out like
for instance in you want you want to
learn jujitsu can I can I recruit
Nogueira to come teach my jujitsu can I
recruit Anderson Silva teaching my
pipeline well you can in the career mode
you can once you go into the career mode
and you're creating your created fighter
you can go train at black house in the
career mode get actual moves from the
Black House guys like you're saying work
with na gan Jiu Jiu Jitsu work with
Anderson on muy Thai and then we
incentivize you to go go to an online
camp and do online training with your
peers so that you'll get extra points
which you can apply to your career mode
when you want to go fight out online
there's actually specific match is set
up to actually fight against online cams
like other camps that are out there
there's also a leaderboard associated
with that so that you and your crew of
guys can actually see where you stack up
as a group against everybody else in the
world when they're fighting under the
camp pen or they're representing more
than just themselves they're
representing kind of everybody
well thanks thanks for being by here you
guys have seen a little bit about
upcoming features of the online by cans
and UFC undisputed 2010 for the full
interview go to community UFC undisputed
calm
you